Iterators
=========
Instead of looping and waiting for someone to take control, we will implement an
iterator. An iterator will iterate through a loop a designated amount of times
in order to execute a command based on the condition that it still needs to
iterate a certain number of times.

```ruby
5.times do
	puts "Hello"
end
```

In our first example, we are iterating over a loop five times. But we can do
more than just this.

```ruby
1.upto(5) { puts "Hello" }
5.downto(1) { puts "Hello" }
(1..5).each { puts "Hello" }
```

In our second example, we are iterating one up to five and using a designated
brace to represent a code block that will execute through each iteration. This
is a form of incrementing a number through a loop. We can also decrement through
a loop by calling the method down to.

What if we wanted access to the incremental property that allows us to go
through our array? We can take advantage of Ruby's syntax which uses two pipes
to enclose a variable that represent each increment. In this example, we are
incrementing one to five and for each, we are saying hello to the increment.

```ruby
1.upto(5) do |i|
	puts "Hello " + i.to_s
end
```

We can apply this same increment to the each method while processing an array.
We have an array of fruit, and for each fruit item, we output its capitalized
name.

```bash
[1] pry(main)> fruits = ['banana', 'apple', 'pear']
=> ["banana", "apple", "pear"]
[2] pry(main)> fruits.each do |fruit|
[2] pry(main)*   puts fruit.capitalize
[2] pry(main)* end
Banana
Apple
Pear
=> ["banana", "apple", "pear"]
```

An alternative way of processing each index of data is a `for-in` loop:
```bash
[3] pry(main)> for fruit in fruits
[3] pry(main)*   puts fruit.capitalize
[3] pry(main)* end  
Banana
Apple
Pear
=> ["banana", "apple", "pear"]
```

Of course, there are other increments we can do. Steps will allow us to indicate
a skip or how many steps before the next increment. We can apply the same step
to integers and ranges. We will be using primarily the list below, the important
part to remember is that we have the ability to iterate over different object
types.

- **Integers/floats**: times, upto, downto, step
- **Range**: each, step
- **String**: each, each_line, each_byte
- **Array**: each, each_index, each_with_index
- **Hash**: each, each_key, each_value, each_pair
