Array Methods
=============

When it comes to array methods, we don't have to stop here. There are quite a
few methods available to the Array object. Let's take a look at a few by
creating two arrays. We can create an array with different types. Wer can also
create an array that houses and inner array. In reality, we are not stuck with
just one implementation. Instead, we can embrace multiple types.

```bash
[1] pry(main)> array = [1,2,3,4,5]
=> [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
[2] pry(main)> array_2 = [1, "2", 3.0, ["a", "b"], "dog"]
=> [1, "2", 3.0, ["a", "b"], "dog"]
[3] pry(main)> array.inspect
=> "[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]"
[4] pry(main)> array_2.inspect
=> "[1, \"2\", 3.0, [\"a\", \"b\"], \"dog\"]"
[5] pry(main)> puts array_2
1
2
3.0
a
b
dog
=> nil
```

Notice when we call puts on an array, it outputs each value.

Now some cool methods that the array object has:

- We have an array to string method that will return the entire array as a
  string: `array.to_s`
- We can join an entire array together, without any space whatsoever, into one
  output: `array.join`.
- If we wish to join an array together with a separator, we can specify a
  separator: `array.split(",")`
- Other methods include sort, the already covered `<<` append and unique. 
  - Rule of thumb: if you want the unique method, or any other method call, to
	alter the existing arraym use bang!
- You can delete a value in an array either by index or position: `delete_at`
  will be a position, `delete` will be the actual value.
- Similar to a stack, you can push and pop as you please on the end of an array
  stack.
- To shift a value to the beginning of an array element, it's again the same. To
  add a value back to the beginning, just `array.unshift`.
- Something else you may not know of: you can add arrays together and subtract
  them.

```bash
[7] pry(main)> array
=> [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
[8] pry(main)> array.push(0)
=> [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 0]
[9] pry(main)> array << 3
=> [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 0, 3]
[10] pry(main)> array.uniq
=> [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 0]
[11] pry(main)> array.uniq!
=> [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 0]
[12] pry(main)> array
=> [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 0]
[13] pry(main)> array.delete_at(2)
=> 3
[14] pry(main)> array.delete(4)
=> 4
[15] pry(main)> array
=> [1, 2, 5, 0]
[16] pry(main)> array.push(4)
=> [1, 2, 5, 0, 4]
[17] pry(main)> array.pop
=> 4
[18] pry(main)> array.pop
=> 0
[19] pry(main)> array
=> [1, 2, 5]
[20] pry(main)> 
```
