Defining and Using Classes
==========================
Classes embrace object-oriented programming in that they define:

- What an object is
- What an object can do

To define a class we define our syntax as follows:

```ruby
class SomeName
	...
end
```

Notice that we define the class name with a capital letter and camel casing.
Most classes are defined with camel casing. But capitalizing the first letter is
a standard. Something that you should do. 

Classes will
- Group the code into discreet, well-categorized areas
- Make the code easier to work with.

If we take a look at our following example, we will define a class that
represents an Animal. Most animals we associate with have one common feature or
property. That is making a noise. We can define a personal method within our
class. 

Keep in mind that in order to interact with our newly created class, we need to
define a new instance. We save that newly created instance to a variable. This
variable will now contain the allocation of where we created the new object. We
can then call the newly defined object and it's method through dot notation.
Notice we can daisy chain our commands as usual.

```bash
>> class Animal
 |   def make_noise
 |     "Moo!"
 |   end  
 | end  
=> :make_noise
>> Animal.new
=> #<Animal:0x007f440554b500>
>> animal = Animal.new
=> #<Animal:0x007f4405570a80>
>> animal
=> #<Animal:0x007f4405570a80>
>> animal.make_noise
=> "Moo!"
>> animal.make_noise.upcase
=> "MOO!"
```

When defining and using classes, we should keep in mind the benefits that
classes offer our code:

- Organize code into well-categorized areas.
- "Carry around" their class's code
- Allow complex behaviors using simple statements
- Correspond to real-world objects
