Enumerable as a Mixin
=====================
> Enumerators allows a class to have internal and external iteration. That is,
processing each property that exists within a data type.

We can use modules to incude enumerables as mixins. That is, `Enumerable` is a
mixin (a module that is provided) to which we can include in class. To
illustrate the point, let's say we have a to-do list. This list includes items
that we need to get done for the day. This may include laundry, dishes, and even
vacuuming. Now we can iterate over each of these items as normal:

```ruby
list = ToDoList.new
list.items = ['laundry', 'dishes', 'vacuum']
list.items.select {|i| i.length > 6}
```

This obviously takes advantage of the Array's class method of select. Which
selects each item and returns a result that matches are condition. However, if
we include a dependency of `Enumerable` inside our class. We start to bind a
contract. Classes that use `Enumerable` enter into a kind of contract: the class
has to define an instance method of `each`, and in return, `Enumerable` endows
the objects of the class with all sorts of collection-related behaviors.

We include the `Enumerable` module within our `ToDoList` class. As such, we are
bounded to provide an instance method of each. We simply iterate through each
item, yielding the position it is at.

By doing so, we cut out method call by one word:
```bash
[6] pry(main)> list.select {|i| i.length > 6}                                                             
=> ["laundry"]
```

Remember, we are directly applying the enumerator feature, select, as a direct
method onto the class. We have other methods to which we can apply the
`Enumerable` class. This includes: sort, detect, select, reject, collect,
inject. Remember, we can apply these to: Arrays, Hashes, Ranges, and even
Strings.
