Inject
======

[<< Sort](https://github.com/KLVTZ/Ruby-Essentials/blob/master/notes/Chapter_04:%20Code%20Block/05.sort.md)

> Another ruby method that uses code blocks. Inject is an accumalator. A block
> variable will be accumalating the value, that is the memo.

If we take a look at collect, this will apply a transformation to each value. We
will accumalate all values in memo.

```ruby
(1..10).inject{|memo, n| memo + n}
memo = 1
memo = memo + 2
memo = memo + 3
memo = memo + 4
memo = memo + 5
```

In this example, we created a range of numbers within an array. We then
demonstrate the power of the accumulator by adding the current accumalator to
the next index. In a sense, this is adding up an accumalation or summation of
numbers We can use the multiplication operator and any other mathematical
operator. By what if we needed a condition? For example, going through the array
but not returning the value back to memo if the number is three. We can't do
this directly because nothing would be returned. Thus, you can't add `nil` with
an integer. If we like to put each value of the memo, then we could addd the
calculations and then return the memo.

```bash
[1] pry(main)> array = [*1..10]
=> [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10]
[2] pry(main)> sum = array.inject{|memo,n| memo + n }                                                     
=> 55
[4] pry(main)> sum = array.inject(100) {|memo,n| memo + n}                                                
=> 155
[5] pry(main)> product = array.inject(2) {|memo,n| memo + n}
=> 57
[6] pry(main)> product = array.inject {|memo,n| memo * n}                                                 
=> 3628800
[7] pry(main)> product = array.inject(2) {|memo, n| puts memo + n; memo}
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
=> 2
```

But the inject method can be used for more practical applications than just
math. We can process strings returning the longest word. To do so, we have to do
a loop that will grab the memo and each fruit available. It will compare the
current length of the memo to the length of the current fruit. If the memo is
larger, then keep the memo, else fruit is larger and thus will be returned as
the current memo. Notice we just return a value that will be assigned to memo.
So that by the end of our loop, banana is returned. That is because, through
comparisons, banana was left as the largest string.

One thing to note in the above illustration is that the parameter argument after
the inject method call is the initial value that memo will possess when starting
out. That is, memo, when not defined will just be zero.

```bash
[11] pry(main)> longest_word = fruits.inject do |memo, fruit|
[11] pry(main)*   if memo.length > fruit.length  
[11] pry(main)*     memo
[11] pry(main)*   else  
[11] pry(main)*     fruit
[11] pry(main)*   end  
[11] pry(main)* end  
=> "banana"
```

A final, and more practical example, is using an array to contain menu items for
a website. What if we wanted to display the menu length with ten pixels of margin
to spare on both sides of the menu? We can use the parameter argument to define
a base memo to then add the length of each item to the overall sum. Thus,
returning the length of an entire array of characters with a base of 10 margin
character lengths.

```bash
[12] pry(main)> menu = ["Home", "History", "Products", "Services", "Contact Us"]
=> ["Home", "History", "Products", "Services", "Contact Us"]
[13] pry(main)> menu.inject(10) {|memo, item| memo + item.length}
=> 47
```

[Chapter 5: Methods | Defining and Calling methods](https://github.com/KLVTZ/Ruby-Essentials/blob/master/notes/Chapter_05:%20Methods/01.defining_and_calling_methods.md)
